2020 09 30 question (#10432)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/accesspackageanswerchoice.md

---
title: "accessPackageAnswerChoice resource type"
description: "An answer option for an accessPackageMultipleChoiceQuestion."
author: "markwahl-msft"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# accessPackageAnswerChoice resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Indicates an answer option for an [accessPackageMultipleChoiceQuestion](../resources/accesspackagemultiplechoicequestion.md). Multiple accessPackageAnswerChoices can be added to an [accessPackageMultipleChoiceQuestion](../resources/accesspackagemultiplechoicequestion.md).

## Properties

> |Property|Type|Description|Required|Read-only|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Property|Type|Description|
```

Whether the property is required or not should be in the description, not a table column.

> |:---|:---|:---|:---|:---|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|:---|:---|:---|
```

> |actualValue|String|The values that are stored. Only relevant when different from the display value.|

Reviewer 2: by 'relevant' does this mean that the client doesn't need to send it? if the client sends both which one is authoritative?

> |actualValue|String|The actual value of the selected choice. This is typically a string value which is understable by applications.|Yes|No|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|actualValue|String|The actual value of the selected choice. This is typically a string value which is understandable by applications. Required. |
```

It is assumed that a property can be written to unless stated as Read only.

> |displayValue|[accessPackageLocalizedContent](../resources/accesspackagelocalizedcontent.md)|The localized display values shown to the requestor and approvers.|Yes|No|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|displayValue|[accessPackageLocalizedContent](../resources/accesspackagelocalizedcontent.md)|The localized display values shown to the requestor and approvers. Required.
```
